Pipelines section 3 : Changes to Configuration, Tutorials, and Previous Version files (#2308)
gruntwork-io/docs: docs/2.0/docs/pipelines/previous-versions/upgrading-from-infrastructure-pipelines.md

With the migration complete, you should clean up unnecessary resources to streamline your repository and reduce clutter.

:::tip
If you're uncertain about the new setup and want a fallback option, you can defer cleanup until you're confident everything is functioning as expected.
:::

### Remove unnecessary files

Search for and remove outdated files or folders that are no longer needed, such as:

- `_envcommon/landingzone/pipelines-pre-auth-role.hcl`
- `_envcommon/landingzone/central-pipelines-plan-role.hcl`
- `_envcommon/landingzone/central-pipelines-apply-role.hcl`

Consult Gruntwork support if you're unsure about residual files.

### Delete old tokens and secrets

Remove any tokens or secrets used with the previous `infrastructure-pipelines` setup. For a list of old tokens, refer to [Machine Users Documentation](/infrastructure-pipelines/security/machine-users.md).

### Archive the `infrastructure-pipelines` repository

If the `infrastructure-pipelines` repository is no longer needed, archive it to prevent accidental use. Refer to [GitHub's archiving documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/archiving-a-github-repository/archiving-repositories).

## Conclusion 🎉

> You have successfully migrated your repository from `infrastructure-pipelines`! Perform small tests to ensure stability and familiarize yourself with the new setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You have successfully migrated your repository from `infrastructure-pipelines`! We recommend performing small tests to ensure stability and familiarize yourself with the new setup.

Create a new pull request that makes a small change to your infrastructure code (adding a comment to a `terragrunt.hcl` file will trigger Pipelines), and ensure that the plan and apply workflows run as expected, that you know where the logs will appear, and that you have a good understanding of how to troubleshoot any issues that may arise.
```
